Katarina is developing a two-player dice game. 
The players roll two 6-sided dice each and get points depending on what they roll. 
There are 5 rounds in a game. 
In each round, each player rolls the two dice. 

The rules are:
•	The points rolled on each player’s dice are added to their score.
•	If the total is an even number, an additional 10 points are added to their score.
•	If the total is an odd number, 5 points are subtracted from their score.
•	If they roll a double, they get to roll one extra die and get the number of points rolled added to their score.
•	The score of a player cannot go below 0 at any point.
•	The person with the highest score at the end of the 5 rounds wins.
•	If both players have the same score at the end of the 5 rounds, they each roll 1 die and whoever gets the highest score wins (this repeats until someone wins). 

Only authorised players can play the game. 

Where appropriate, input from the user should be validated. 

Design, develop, test and evaluate a program that:
1.	Allows two players to enter their details, which are then authenticated to ensure that they are authorised players. - NOT COMPLETE
2.	Allows each player to roll two 6-sided dice. COMPLETE
3.	Calculates and outputs the points for each round and each player’s total score. COMPLETE
4.	Allows the players to play 5 rounds. COMPLETE 12.05.2022
5.	If both players have the same score after 5 rounds, allows each player to roll 1 die each until someone wins. NOT COMPLETE
6.	Outputs who has won at the end of the 5 rounds. COMPLETE
7.	Stores the winner’s score, and their name, in an external file. NOT COMPLETE
8.	Displays the score and player name of the top 5 winning scores from the external file. NOT COMPLETE

#Code development log

dice game 001.py
Import random and set up dice throws

dice game 002.py
code for what score to give if the throw is a double, if the code isn't a double and how to stop the code going below 0

dice game 003.py
logical error in code adding up score - fixed

dice game 004.py
code duplicated to create a turn for player 1 repeated for player 2

dice game 005.py
adding while loop to allow 5 rounds

dice game 006.py
When I ran version 005 the game whizzed through and played all 5 rounds without stopping.
I added an input when each player started their go so they were in control

dice game 007.py
Added a points tallying system to add up each players score

dice game 008.py
Added a total points variable

dice game 009.py
Improved readability through the addition of whitespace
